Title: Please read!
Name: Tamarindo
Date: Feb 18


It is necessary every once in a while to take a step back and look
at the bigger picture, especially in a hopefully long term project
such as we have here.

First, I have to try and not make the same mistakes I did in the
past - that would be, I need to be coding now and keep active.  If
you have big questions (anything more then syntax) direct them to
this board.  Send me no coding related tells - use the wiz channel
or this board.

Secondly, everyone has to please do their part in making things
easier for us admin types who are involved in making major changes
to the mud - for your code to be checked it has to be neat, and
efficient and you can cut no corners.  I don't cut corners, never
cheated as a player, never turn in code for school that does not
work all the way... and we will not be doing that here either.

Third, we need to be doing more for the players.  Right now we need
more areas - Joseph just became a coder in the past week, and has
already completed an area that is in the game - an excellent
surprise.  The message I wish to convey is KEEP IT SIMPLE - at
least for now.  Let's kick some ass eh?  Gradually make your areas
tougher as your skills improve - but don't try to do everything
there is in coding on one blast.  Also, we need some new ideas on
ways to attract more people.

Finally, I would like to say thank you to everyone working for
Shadowchaser - that would be all of you reading this.  Give us
some more simple, but interesting areas =)  POST TO BOARD!  NO
TELLS IF POSSIBLE!

-Tamarindo
