Title: stuff
Name: Tamarindo
Date: Mar 10

Howdy,
    well, just would like to say we are going to deal with the
problems we can deal with now and plan for the new ones =)  I
have had some reports of lag, and even experienced some myself
the other day.  I have run traces to the machine and mailed the
sysadmin of this machine who did seem interested - he is looking
into the problem.

As far as the stun & where issue, I don't like either of them.
There are ways to combat them, and for now I would suggest 
looking for those ways!  I have been lectured pros and cons for
a few days now, but the fact is I already know the system... 
I've been there too remember?  I just have not had the time to
take a deep look into appropriate changes.  I am trying to get
the clans out to you guys - it affects more people and will help
everyone once they are here.  We are trying for a new skills
system to step away from these up this, down this, remove this
and that stuff... because it is not very productive if you guys
have to mail me or post long messages fighting for this stuff...
we want to keep you out there playing more, healing less and
having more fun.  We will work on it soon.

Shadowchaser has people like you running and expanding it, so
keep the faith.  We are not really interested with people who
are ready to leave us - we are working for those who would stick
with us no matter what because they know it is just a matter of
time before this place explodes ;)  Everything will work out!

-Tamarindo will be around more next week for fixes (Spring Break)
