Before the world was created, it is commonly believed that there
was a great battle between the powers of the heavens and the most
ultimate evils of the netherworld over the fate of this universe.
The battle raged on for what seemed like an eternity, until the
two leaders met face to face in combat.  The power of heaven held
the Sword of Light in his right hand, while the angel of the dark
world wielded the Sword of Shadow in his left.  It is said that as
the two swords touched for the first time there was a destructive
explosion that sealed the gates to the other two realms from our
universe, and set to fire all the heavenly and evil powers that
were left in our dimension.  The powers were forced across the sky,
doomed to burn as stars for all time.  The swords combined to form
the Sword of Elements, which by chance fell to our circling moon
and again broke into pieces.  The four pieces fell onto different
parts of our world, which was then just a lifeless piece of rock.

The first piece to touch dropped somewhere to the south of the
center of the main continent.  It brought water that covered the
whole world in blue, even the continent we now walk on.  The second
piece got caught in sky, making the clouds begin to spin and waves
in the great ocean of our world.  It later fell to the west.  The
next piece to fall was so hot it vaporized half of the water and
landed on the northern section of the main continent, spawning
thousands of volcanos and eruptions.  The new rock climbed over
much of the surrounding water, forming the continents.  The last
piece to fall landed to the east side of the main continent.  As
soon as it hit, the ground began to soften, and life started to
emerge throughout the land, the water and the air.  The struggle
of good and evil still goes on though.  Darkness still covers the
lands at night, then the morning comes and the shadow is chased
away by the light.
